

I want you to set up Spotify's "Save to Spotify" CLI on this Windows 11
machine and then produce and upload a test Personal Podcast episode. Work
through the phases below in order. Stop and ask me before anything
destructive, and stop and show me the error if any step fails. Use
PowerShell commands and existing CLI tools throughout — do not write
custom Python orchestration code.

I will however be developing this using PyCharm, and minimally a Python function to run the project top level.

But implement this using you best judgement on the most effective implementation plan

Err on the side of asking too many questions of me as you go, first making a proposed plan

PHASE 1 — Install the CLI
1. Query the GitHub releases API for spotify/save-to-spotify and identify
   the latest release and its save-to-spotify-windows-amd64-v{version}.zip
   asset (plus its .sha256 file).
2. Download both to a temp folder, verify the SHA-256 checksum, and stop
   if it doesn't match.
3. Extract the zip. Move the save-to-spotify .exe binary to
   %USERPROFILE%\bin (create the folder if needed).
4. Add %USERPROFILE%\bin to my USER Path environment variable if it isn't
   already there (do not touch the system Path).
5. Verify by running the binary with its full path: `save-to-spotify
   version`. Note that new terminals will pick up the PATH change.

PHASE 2 — Install the Claude Code skill
1. The extracted zip contains a skills\save-to-spotify\ folder. Copy it
   to %USERPROFILE%\.claude\skills\save-to-spotify\ so the skill is
   available globally.
2. Confirm the SKILL.md file is present in the destination.

PHASE 3 — Authenticate
1. Run `save-to-spotify auth login`. This opens my browser — pause and
   tell me to complete the Spotify sign-in, then wait for my confirmation.
2. After I confirm, run `save-to-spotify auth status` and verify the
   token is valid before continuing.

PHASE 4 — Set up text-to-speech
1. I have Anaconda installed. Install the edge-tts package with pip into
   my base conda environment (or tell me if you think a dedicated env is
   warranted, and ask first).
2. Verify with a short test: generate a 1-sentence mp3 using voice
   en-US-GuyNeural and confirm the file exists and is non-trivial in size.

PHASE 5 — Generate the test briefing
1. Search the web for (a) today's news on Micron Technology, HBM, and AI
   memory-market dynamics, and (b) this week's PGA Tour storylines and
   results.
2. Write a roughly 700-word briefing script (about 5 minutes of audio):
   conversational, single narrator, no headers or bullet symbols, no
   stage directions — just clean spoken prose. Open with a one-line
   greeting and the date, cover markets first, then golf, and close with
   a one-line sign-off. Save it as briefing.txt in this project folder.
3. Convert it to briefing.mp3 with edge-tts using en-US-GuyNeural.

PHASE 6 — Upload to Spotify
1. Run: save-to-spotify upload .\briefing.mp3 --title "Test Briefing —
   {today's date}" --summary "Micron/HBM market update and PGA Tour
   notes" --new-show "Daily Briefings"
2. Use the episodes status command with --wait to poll until the episode
   is processed and playable.
3. Give me the Spotify link and a summary of everything that was set up,
   including exact file locations and the commands I'd rerun for future
   episodes (using the existing show rather than --new-show).
